[Music]
the Japanese facial massage that will
solve all your skin problems puffiness
wrinkles uneven tone why is it that skin
problems love to show up on your face
uninvited what's worse they don't go
away nearly as easily as they appear
perhaps it's time to try what people all
over the world including top models do
to get gorgeous and glowing skin in no
time the Japanese Asahi massage you
ready to find out more about this
ultimate secret to flawless skin then
keep on watching and don't forget that
we have all kinds of helpful and
informative videos like this one coming
out every single day on the bright side
of life so make sure you're subscribed
and that you've rung that notification
bell that way you won't miss a thing
before we get to this miracle massage
there are some very important warnings
to be aware of and rules you have to
follow first of all you absolutely
cannot do this massage if you have
lymphatic system disorders rashes
damaged skin or the cold or flu yep that
means if you have serious acne this
massage isn't for you and you'd better
stick to other safer techniques but if
none of those conditions apply to you
then you can totally try the asahi
massage out
[Music]
before the session make sure to wash
your face and sanitize your hands you
can also use natural oil or cream to
reduce friction on the skin during the
massage apply comfortable pressure on
your skin and don't forget to ease this
pressure of it while massaging your ears
the eye area the area under your jaw and
your neck the most effective way to do
it is to repeat each movement about
three times or four to five times for
problem areas if you really want to
boost your results to the max do the
asahi massage every day at the same time
but enough theory and chitchat let's get
to the massages themselves always start
your session with the basic movement
press the fingers of both hands to the
area's just below your temples close to
the upper rims of your ears apply light
pressure and slide your fingers down all
the way to your clavicles this simple
move will cause an outflow of lymphatic
fluid one of the most important things
you're trying to achieve in this massage
make sure to repeat the movement three
times at the beginning of your Asahi
session and at the end of each
subsequent massage
it's time to focus on the area around
your eyes with the pads of your middle
and ring fingers lightly press on the
outer corners of the eyes maintaining
this level of pressure
gently slide your fingers along your
lower lids toward the inner corners of
your eyes pause for a second and then
move your fingers upwards drawing an arc
under the eyebrows after that go back to
the outer corners of your eyes move your
fingers from the outer rim to the inner
corners once again and there you go the
eye area is all taken care of now it's
time for your forehead to join in on the
fun
the movements here are also very simple
press the pads of your index middle and
ring fingers to the center of your
forehead and slide them out to your
temples using zigzag motions again do it
three times and don't forget about the
basic movement afterwards the area
around your lips will require a bit more
time and effort start by putting both of
your hands on your chin press three
fingers to the center of your chin and
move them in a c-shape towards your
upper lip after that press the pads of
your middle fingers on the outside of
your nostrils move them in a C shape to
the bridge of your nose and then back
again finish it off by sliding your
fingers from your nose bridge to your
cheeks and back again with this
easy-peasy routine the wrinkles around
your lips will be long gone
[Music]
let's work on those smile lines next put
both of your hands on your chin and
press three fingers in the center just
like you did during your around the lips
massage slide your hands to the inner
corners of your eyes while keeping the
level of pressure even finally move them
along your under-eye area out towards
your temples and you're done now we're
gonna focus on firming up your jaw line
press the left side of your jaw with
your left palm then move your right hand
from the right outer edge of the jaw to
the point right below the inner corner
of the eye glide your fingers from the
inner corner to your temple after that
do the basic and most important movement
on the right side of the face but with
one hand only to conclude this part of
the asahi massage press the right side
of the jaw with your right hand and use
your left hand to repeat the same set of
movement on the left side of your face
good now let's move on to those cheeks
if you want strong cheekbone action then
never forget about this part of the
asahi massage here you have to do two
separate movements first off
place your hands horizontally to the
sides of your nose apply pressure using
three fingers only and just swipe your
fingers along your cheek bones in the
direction of your temples make sure to
do it three times just like all the
movements now bring your wrists together
keep your hands apart and press the pads
of your palms to your chin and lips
lifting your cheeks slide your palms
along your cheek bones towards your ears
and call it a day for this part of the
miracle massage but we still have two
more areas to work on and right now it's
time for your chin so without further
ado bring your wrists together with your
palms spread like you just did in the
last massage from this position tilt
your head slightly forward and press the
pads of your hands against your chin
then slide your palms along your lower
jaw and towards your earlobes this
simple movement will kiss that double
chin goodbye and last but certainly not
least the so called
a zone it needs your attention just as
much so put your thumbs under your chin
with the rest of your fingers meeting at
the sides of your nose you're kind of
forming a triangle around your mouth and
nose leave your thumbs where they are
but move the rest of your fingers from
your nose to your temples slightly
pulling the skin outwards doing three of
these motions with a basic movement at
the end will conclude your asahi massage
session and leave your face relaxed and
healthy looking
and that's basically all there is to the
world-famous Asahi massage don't forget
to follow the experts advice and do it
daily and at the same time to increase
its dose of benefits but most
importantly listen to your body
carefully it knows best if something
doesn't feel right then maybe this
technique isn't for you but if done
correctly and on a regular basis this
japanese facial massage will bring
amazing results in no time after all
they don't call it the make your face
ten years younger method for nothing
right what do you think about this
technique would you like to try it or
maybe you doubt that it'll work let us
know down in the comments if you enjoyed
this video make sure to hit the like
button and share it with your friends so
that they can try this massage out too
and for more information and exciting
videos be sure to subscribe and come on
over to the bright side of life see you
soon